Yes, unless I have anything to do with it.
I see that happening sometime between tomorrow and the next decade. Definitely.
Looks good for you...and bad for me.
I've consulted my fellow imps, and we think YES, except for that one imp.
The outlook is positive, but I'm still negative.
It pains me to say this, but "Yes".
When dwarves fly! They do? Then yes!
Sure, but you're not going to like it.
Be quiet 'bout what you hear and see around here.
Unfortunately... yes.
I can't see why not, although, I can't see a lot of things right now.
I would bet your soul on it.
Yes, but if anyone asks... It wasn't me who told you.
Didn't you already ask that once? Yes already!
Please... Is Kil'jaeden red?
Yeah, sure. You just keep thinking that.
I suppose.
Definitely.
Jump three times and dance for ten minutes and it will definitely happen!
Word on the peninsula is YES!
Oh, that one's for sure.
Yes, but not in the way you imagine.
Yes, yes, a thousand times, yes already!
Yes, now stop pestering me!
The answer will be a yes if you let me out of here.
It's as sure as the warts on my backside!
The answer is yes in here, I don't see why it would be any different out there.
Three words - "ab - so - lutely"!
Yes, but I hoped I would never have to answer that.
Ask me again later - I'm trying to scratch my nose and it's hard to concentrate.
Why should I answer that? Do you tell fortunes when people shake YOU?
Yes, it will rain. That's not what you asked? Too bad!
I'm sorry, I can only speak Demonic.
Yes! I mean no! I mean... which answer gets me out of here?
Yes, No, Maybe so.
It won't matter, you'll be dead by tomorrow.
You should be asking "Is that rogue behind me going to kill me?"
It's times like these that I wish I had a longer cooldown.
Imp in a Ball shrugs. Who knows?
It's like my mother always said: [Demonic] "Razxx khaj jhashxx xashjx."
Imp in a Ball is ignoring you.
Why me? Why not a goblin, or a gnome...
What happens in the twisting nether, stays in the twisting nether.
Avoid taking unnecessary gambles. Your lucky numbers are two, two and half, and eleven-teen.
Wouldn't you like to know?
Oh, oh, oh! I can see this one clearly... Nah, lost it.
This was NOT in my contract!
XRA RAHKI MAZIZRA!
4 8 15 16 23 42
Are you making fun of me?
What kind of imp do you think I am?
Say please.
Want to trade places?
Do you ask this question to everything that's trapped in a ball?
Hey! You try arranging furniture with some jerk shaking your house!
I can make that happen. Just sign below the dotted line...
Reply hazy and slightly damp. Dry thoroughly and try again.
Concentrate (on releasing me from this infernal prison) and try again later.
Please insert 25 silver pieces and try again.
Are you my pal, Danny?
You remember the time you tried to drill that hole in your head?
Oh that's right, don't make any effort to make your own fortune!
Two words - imp-possible!
You need Arcane Intellect, because that answer is obvious! NO!
Not on your life!
I don't have to be a fortune-telling imp to know the answer to that one - NO!
The odds are 32.33 (repeating of course) percent chance of success.
When Blackrock freezes over!
Hahahaha, you're kidding right?
Inconceivable!
My sources say "no". Before the torture, that is.
That's about as likely as me getting out of this ball.
You picked the wrong time to shake me today, buddy! Prepare for disappointment.
Not unless you're some kind of super-person. And don't kid yourself, you're not.
That's about as likely as me getting a date with a succubus.
My fortune telling powers are immeasurable - your chances are though: NO CHANCE
NO - and don't try shaking me again for a better answer!
Yes is my answer...
...NOT!
I'm gonna have to give this one the big N-O.
The outlook is very bad - for YOU that is! Haha, take it!
Survey says: BZZZT!